---
title: "Our Journey Begins"
date: "2018-03-29"
tags: ["about"]
featured_image: ""
description: ""
layout: "posts"
draft: "false"
---

A cancer diagnosis turns a family’s world upside down. While the shock of such news is still fresh, life and its obligations continue – sometimes with mounting medical bills and other financial stresses. This is especially critical when the person who is diagnosed with cancer happens to be the financial provider for the family, and their medical condition is serious enough that they are no longer able to work.

Tony Foundation is a non-profit corporation based in Austin, Texas. Our goal is to help fill a critical financial need that comes with a new cancer diagnosis. Tony Laudadio’s family faced this very predicament – first, when he was diagnosed in 2013, at age 29, with renal cell carcinoma – and again, two years later, when he was diagnosed with brain cancer (completely unrelated to the renal cancer). He and his family understand the struggle of facing a sudden battery of tests, treatments and even surgeries, while being unable to work due to cancer. Immediate expenses pile up quick, adding to an already intense level of stress and worry.

That’s why he and Scott Patterson created the Tony Foundation: to provide financial assistance to help meet immediate, existing needs for families whose sole income earners, in their most productive years, have been diagnosed with cancer and are unable to continue employment.

We will accomplish this by:

Identifying critical needs for families in crisis due to cancer diagnosis
Filling a gap for cancer patients, primarily aged 25-55, who solely provide for a family/multiple dependents
Providing financial assistance to qualifying families
Connecting families with other programs and resources for support
Now is the time to help make a difference for families that need it the most. Please help support us in our mission as we aim to ease some of the stress and burden facing families in crisis as they begin to navigate a new journey with cancer. You can help by donating, staying in touch with us through email updates, sharing our website with your friends and colleagues, or getting involved in other ways.

Together, we can help!